[Music]
How are you hearts like and ice I hope
you're enjoying the day Well there's
a lot of speculation about the
Padilla trial that I was already
communicating the other day that it had been
suspended and people have doubts about
this issue No, digital freedom has
also published more details No, in
fact it has published all the details I would
say and it is simply and plainly an
issue of
judicial strategies I don't know what
decided because it seems too much of a
coincidence to me that these people always have
another date that these people always have
a mishap that they lack a job to
get the hearing suspended this
only does is delay okay this
does nothing for the cause that will
benefit Mediaset I want to make it clear
that Telecinco is being sued by Paz
Padilla, in other words, Padilla is not
suing the television factory on
this occasion even though she worked on Sálvame, her
dismissal is that she was
hired by Mediaset in fact it was
harder for them to get rid of her
because she was in the middle and she was a
presenter who was directly
hired by Telecinco they had to
grasp at straws  burning by
then this I don't think that maybe this has
been a suspension the simple procedure
at any moment we will have the new
date without making it public but it
will be a matter of weeks okay so
nothing happens it will be that the lawyer for
the defendant in this case the
lawyer for Mediaset well had other
judicial commitments that same day at
the same time look at you so
nothing the trial has been suspended no but no not
for long I mean it
is simply a postponement okay so good that they
enjoy the time because they are going to
need it
a hug family see you in the
next video I love you very much
[Music]